---
layout: post
title:  "Day #2 - The OTHER Chris Pine"
---
Today, I continued watching more screencasts prepared by our wonderfully hilarious instructor, Jay Wengrow. I’m starting to think I like programmers’ brand of humor. Maybe I really am more ready for this than I thought…!

Anyhow, the screencasts really make me feel like I can learn to code, which is awesome! I've still been getting stuck on some of the exercises, but I’m working on figuring those out. We’ve been making some pretty simple programs. One of my favorites, thus far:

```ruby
puts "This is a word randomizer! Please enter a word that you would like randomized."

word = gets.chomp

puts "Here is your word randomized!"

puts word.split("").shuffle.join

puts "Thanks for playing!"
```

In this program, the user is asked to input a word and the program spits out a randomized version of the inputted word. Here, I'm setting the variable 'word' to ```gets.chomp``` which is a command used to receive input from the user. To randomize the word, the program 1.) splits up the user's input into it's individual characters then 2.) shuffles the positions of the characters into a random order and finally 3.) joins all the characters back together and returns the result to the user. 

Super simple, but I’m totally cool with starting off slow.

I also started reading our e-textbook, Learn to Program by Chris Pine (the L.A. girl in me totally summoned up an image of Captain Kirk from the latest Star Trek movie...embarrassing, I know). At first, I was a little intimidated because 1.) I haven’t read a textbook in many years and 2.) I hate reading large quantities of text on a computer screen. However, I’m finding it to be another wonderful resource to have at our disposal!

In his introduction, Pine writes about how “[a] program is not built; it is grown,” suggesting that a program is meant to be tested, edited and finagled with. Keeping that in mind, it seems to me that the process taken to get to the end result should be regarded as being just as important as the result itself. As a designer, that idea is something I really resonated with. I have always felt that the work I am most proud of are those pieces that challenged me -- the ones that urged me to question my initial instinct; the ones that pushed me to the brink of insanity in order to show me how to turn something good into something great.

I look forward to approaching coding with a similar mindset as I’m sure the programs that at times make me want to rip my hair out will be the ones that I’m most proud of in the end.
